Docs 4286 docs create section on tc cloud setup (#1569)
truenas/documentation: content/TrueCommand/TCGettingStarted/Install/Migrate.md

---
title: "Migrate Legacy to 1.2+"

> description: "This article describes how to migrate Legacy versions of TrueCommand."

Reviewer: legacy is not a proper noun and this is not specifically talking about a UI element so suggest
```suggestion
description: "This article describes how to migrate legacy versions of TrueCommand."
```

Author: Made suggested changes.

> 3. For the TrueCommand 1.1 `/var/db/ixdb/` database, use `pg_dump ixdb > ixdb.sql` to transform the database into a single *.sql* file.

Reviewer 2: Lol, this is so incredibly old, I almost think it can be removed. We also have migration running automatically from 2.1->2.2 for influx to rrd and from the format mentioned here back to sql.

If you wanted, you could go straight from 1.2->2.3 by moving `ixdb.sql` to `/data/tc-conf/db`. Not been tested.

Author: New article organization provides instruction for installation, updating, and migrating TC using a Docker container, Legacy instructions included here.

   Then move `ixdb.sql` to the `localhostdirectory/` for the TrueCommand Docker container.

> You're now ready to install or start the TrueCommand Docker container. Be sure to specify the `localhostdirectory/` during container installation for TrueCommand to load the migrated data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are now ready to install or start the TrueCommand Docker container. Be sure to specify the `localhostdirectory/` during container installation for TrueCommand to load the migrated data.
```

Author: Made suggested change.
